# ASSIGNMENT07
## Project Description
### Summary:
My user research project focuses on creating a quick, less frustrating, and more user-friendly online shopping experience for Amazon. While Amazon is a very well-known and widely-used website, there is large room for improvement for its user experience, especially in terms of accessibility, consistency, and functionality. The community of Amazon users is large, however, to accomodate users with less technological experience, Amazon needs a way to connect with their users quickly and directly. Through my user research and designs, I hope to make Amazon shopping experience faster, but still enjoyable for users, and make help on the website more accessible and personal. For this assignment I have created a high-fidelity prototype of my newly designed Amazon page.

### Purpose:
The purpose of a high-fidelity prototype is to make interactive designs and to study the functionality and usability of new design features. The high-fidelity prototype below is based on my low-fidelity prototpes, but now include more visual design information, such as graphic elements, colors, UI components, and familiar Amazon features. High-fidelity prototypes are interactive, validate the user interaction flow, and help find possible shortcomings to designs that need to be improved.

### The Process:
The prototype below was created using AdobeXD in which I created interactive user flows for three website acitivites containing the three new design features I added to improve Amazon's user experience. After conducting user research, creating 3 user personas, and creating hand-drawn low-fidelity prototypes, I used the feedback from each step of the UX-design process to create high-fidelity prototypes to fit the needs of each persona. I recreated the basic interface of Amazon by including screenshots, and removed and added UI components to create a clean, yet familiar, look for my new web design. I implemented Amazon's color palette into these components so that they would fit in with the original Amazon interface, and found a similar sans-serif font to Amazon's original text to create buttons and descriptions. Then, I used the prototyping tools on AdobeXD to make the buttons and other features interactive and usable.

### Tasks:
#### Task 1: Browse for exercise equipment by looking through grouped categories
In this task, our user wants to purchase exercise equipment that they can use at home. The user doesn't have anything specific in mind, but knows they want to work on their core strength, and looks forward to browsing around on Amazon. The user first searches "exercise equipment" in the search bar where they are taken to a screen with different exercise equipment categories and a list of results. The user can click on the category, "Core," to narrow down the results to only show core strengthening equipment. When the user clicks on the first product on the list, they are taken to the product screen where they can view the product details and description. The user can click the "Add to Cart" button to add the product into their cart.

#### Task 2: Access "help" in order to start a return
In this task, our user needs to return an item they bought off Amazon but they have never processed a return or refund on the site before. In order to look for help to find a walkthrough for the return and refund process, the user clicks the "Help" button located on the site's header. The user is taken to a page where they can click on a category of help topics, search for help, for contact someone from Amazon. They can either click on the category box, "Returns and Refunds," where they will be taken to another page where they can click a button to start a return, or they can search "returns" in the search bar where they are taken to a page that lists search results. From there, the user can click the button the start a return immediately. The user can also decide to live chat someone from Amazon to help them out with their return.

#### Task 3: Quickly narrow down search results to fit the specific characteristics for a dress you need to purchase
In this task, our user wants to purchase a dress with a 4 star & up customer rating that costs only around $30. However, our user is in a hurry and does not have much time to browse around and needs to use filters to quickly find a list of dresses that fit their liking. First, the user searches "dress" in the search bar, and then uses the drop-down filters on the left-side column to narrow down the search results. The user clicks the down-ward arrows to open up the filter for cutomer ratings, and clicks on the 4 stars & up filter. The user then does the same thing for the price filter and selects the filter for $25-$50. When the user clicks on the first product, they are taken to the product screen where they can view the product details and description. The user clicks on the size drop-down to select a medium size and can click on the "Add to Cart" button to add the product into their cart.

## Graphic Designs
